what was Georgia Tech get ready to take
on Presbyterians Saturday night that led
our chance for us to visit with the
redshirt sophomore a bag DJ Bostick and
we got some things to cover about the
ballgame money I was hard fought
physical wanted real physical physical
game you know on first time get on the
field in awhile on for all of us um we
just came out and just tried to play
hard but unfortunately we lost and on we
ready to get back on the field Saturday
so what's the most important thing now
for this team is it saturday night and
coach Johnson said it's really about
Georgia Tech as much as it's about who
you're playing right it's more about
georgia tech just got to forget about
that loss no we got eleven more games to
play maybe more you know so we just
really looking forward for to Saturday
you know to get some momentum somewhere
it was about a year ago I guess that
that you probably knew that you are
going to play last year it had the wrist
injury things were coming along as you
hoped I think and how tough was it to
decide after playing a role in 2010 that
you were gonna play last year arm around
Game six around the time i got healthy
when i was able to catch a ball coach
Johnson he sat down with me and we had a
meeting and he basically said i would
recommend for you to redshirt and i just
took his recommendation and Iran waiting
on talk with team chaplain known Derek
Moore and on he encouraged me through
the whole season kept me motivated then
I'll he blessed the years to come he
says a blessing in the sky so I took it
in Iran with what happens BJ when you
see the game from that angle now it's a
little different than somebody who plays
in high school comes in red shirts and
then it starts to play because you
actually played then there was the break
and now you've come back so do you see
the game in a different way I see it in
a whole different way I mean just to be
out there I'm just fortunate you know
just to be out there with the guys and
now I'll just being out there I'm just
so happy every
step on the field you know I just still
want to feel as ever if it's my last so
I'm just so happy and excited to be back
so monday night must have been something
for you after being away for a year
after being away on it was really really
really really exciting for me you know
coming out and what better place to play
in blacksburg my first game back I was
nervous at first but once my feet got
wet you know kind of got into the game I
had a real fun out there all right take
me through this that you guys see that
he's wearing number seven but two years
ago you were number four Hanson and last
year you were number for anything and
David Simms were seven last year and so
what happened here okay when David first
got number seven I told him I want that
number seven because you know that was
my high school's number right and so I'm
real for me with that no man i love that
number is my favorite number then David
once rider graduating he said Radha
Jones yeah he said he wanted 20 right so
he went to 20 and then I called coach
Johnson and I told him that I wanted
number seven and he said we can make it
happen and then little-known fact coach
Johnson clears all the number changes
right he clears nobody else cosas cosas
Johnson yeah so once he did that on my
roommate eggs for my number four so we
are the ball go tomorrow my roommate so
we just all made it happen like that so
not perfect did anybody get anything
like a dinner out of it or anything like
that or is it just straight okay this is
the way it's gonna be it was like okay
this the way it's gonna be you all had
worked it out everyone was happy with
the decision all right now you talk
about being in high school wearing
number seven you used to come to games
here after you committed before you
signed and you had t-shirts hats and all
sorts of things that were georgia tech
based as a number one you had t-shirts
nobody else had what was the story
behind the shirts um behind the shirts
um once I commit it I was really really
into Georgia Tech I mean so every time
evidently you still every time I go to
school I just try to try to rope the
school the most um
I'm fortunate to be a tech and I love
the school and I always wanted to go
here and since my cousin came here he's
just always been big for me so every
time I step out i try to rub my school
you still got any of those shirts award
high school I still got one spray
painting yeah yes yes I would to the
guys give you a hard time about their
shirts I'll no sir they don't they don't
give me a hard time about it not a noun
ought to know it think it's real funny
yeah all right good to have you with us
that's BJ Bostick this is ramblin wreck
com